	 	   *** RULES OF THE GAME - BATTLESHIP ***

Rule 1: A number of ships are located on the board. 
Rule 2: During each player’s turn, the player clicks on a dark grey tile (unchecked tile).
Rule 3: On clicking, it will be revealed whether she/he hit a ship or the water. 
Rule 4: If the player hit the water (ocean, no ship), the grey tile turns blue.
Rule 5: If the player hit a ship, the tile turns a specific colour, depending upon the colour of the ship that has been hit.
Rule 6: There are 4 different types of ships, with each ship having a unique name, size, colour & points-per-hit.
Rule 7: For the initial Game Settings, please ensure valid options/values are  entered:
	1. Dimensions (both Rows & Cols) cannot be equal to 0
	2. Both Rows & Cols should equal to each other (square grid of tiles)
	3. Dimensions (both Rows & Cols) should be >=5
	4. The Scoring System Option is selected
	5. The Ship Placement Option is selected accordingly (Random or File-Based (Refer to Rule 8 for File-Based))
Rule 8: For uploading the ship positions from a text file, please ensure:
	1. The file is in the same folder as the project
	2. There should be in total 4 types of ships
	3. Considering their lengths, there should in total 14 coordinates
	4. The names of the ships should be correct (as shown in Rule 6) with first letter capitalised.
	5. The Rows and Cols should greater than 5 (to accommodate the largest ship of 5 Tiles).
Rule 9: When a ship is hit, the player receives points, depending on which ship is hit and the scoring system (Rule 13).
Rule 10: A player receives double the usual amount of points if their hit results in a ship sinking.
Rule 11: The two players take turns clicking grey tiles until all ships have been sunk, at which point the game ends. 
Rule 12: The player with the most points at the end of the game wins the game.
Rule 13: For scoring, there are two Scoring Systems to choose from: unique points-per-hit or constant points-per-hit: 20].
Rule 14: For High Scores, please click on the button in the main game panel to view the history of High Scores.